Added information about the RPC spec version (#187)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Getting Started/Connecting to an Infotainment System/index.md

# Connecting to an Infotainment System
In order to view your SDL app, you must connect your device to a head unit that supports SDL Core. If you do not have access to a head unit, we recommend using a web-based emulator called [Manticore](https://smartdevicelink.com/sign-in/?next=/resources/manticore/) for testing how your SDL app reacts to real-world vehicle events, on-screen interactions and voice recognition.

@![iOS,android]

> You will have to configure different connection types based on whether you are connecting to a head unit or an emulator. When connecting to a head unit, you must configure !@@![iOS]an `iAP`!@@![android]a `Multiplex`!@ @![iOS,android] connection. Likewise, when connecting to an emulator, a `TCP` connection must be configured.

Author: Hmm, it says "a Multiplex" without the extra "a" for me.

> You will have to configure different connection types based on whether you are connecting to a head unit or an emulator. When connecting to a head unit, you must configure !@@![iOS]an `iAP`!@@![android]a `Multiplex`!@ @![iOS,android] connection. Likewise, when connecting to an emulator, a `TCP` connection must be configured.

Author: It was happening in a different place in the guide. I fixed it there.

> You will have to configure different connection types based on whether you are connecting to a head unit or an emulator. When connecting to a head unit, you must configure !@@![iOS]an `iAP`!@ @![android]a `Multiplex`!@ @![iOS,android] connection. Likewise, when connecting to an emulator, a `TCP` connection must be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will have to configure different connection types based on whether you are connecting to a head unit or an emulator. When connecting to a head unit, you must configure !@@![iOS]an `iAP`!@@![android]a `Multiplex`!@ @![iOS,android] connection. Likewise, when connecting to an emulator, a `TCP` connection must be configured.
```

!@

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLLifecycleConfiguration* lifecycleConfiguration = [SDLLifecycleConfiguration defaultConfigurationWithAppName:@"<#App Name#>" fullAppId:@"<#App Id#>"];
```

##### Swift
```swift
let lifecycleConfiguration = SDLLifecycleConfiguration(appName:"<#App Name#>", fullAppId: "<#App Id#>")
```
!@

@![android]
```java
// Set the SdlManager.Builder transport
builder.setTransportType(new MultiplexTransportConfig(context, <APP ID>));
```
!@

@![iOS]
### Viewing Realtime Logs
If you are testing with a vehicle head unit or TDK and wish to see realtime debug logs in the Xcode console, you should use [wireless debugging](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2017/404/).
!@ 

@![iOS,android]
## Running the SDL App
Build and run the project in !@@![iOS]Xcode!@@![android]Android Studio!@@![iOS,android], targeting the device or simulator that you want to test your app with. Your app should compile and launch on your device of choosing. If your connection configuration setup correctly, you should see your SDL app icon appear on the HMI screen:

![Generic - SDL Apps Tab](assets/Generic_apps_screen.png)

> To open your app, click on the SDL icon in the HMI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open your app, click on your app's icon in the HMI.
```

### Manticore
If you are using Manticore, the app connection information can be easily added in the settings tab of the Manticore web page. Please note that Manticore needs to access your machine's IP address in order to be able to start a websocket connection with your app. If you are hosting the app on your local machine, you may need to do extra setup to make your machine publicly accessible.

![Manticore - Cloud and Embedded App Settings](assets/Manticore_cloud_embedded_app_settings.png)

## Running the SDL App
Once you have a configured instance of Core running, you should see your SDL app name and icon appear on HMI. However, nothing will happen when you tap on your SDL app icon until you build and run your SDL app.

![Generic - SDL Apps Tab](assets/Generic_apps_screen.png)

Once your SDL app is running, either locally in an IDE or on a server, you will be able to launch the SDL app by clicking on the app icon in the HMI.

![Generic - SDL App Main Screen](assets/Generic_non_media.png)

This is the main screen of your SDL app. If you get to this point, your SDL app is working.
!@

> ## How Do I Find Out What Features My Infotainment System Supports?

Reviewer: I don't think that putting this section here is helpful. It's at the bottom of a somewhat unrelated guide and if you didn't write this and I asked you to find it in the guides, I doubt this is where you'd first look. Please move it to "Integration Basics" or a separate guide. I probably slightly prefer a separate guide.

Author: Fixed. Moved to a new section

> New features are always being added to SDL Core, however, you or your users may be connecting to older head units that do not support the newest features. If your SDL app attempts to implement an unsupported feature, your request will simply be ignored by SDL Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New features are always being added to SDL Core, however, you or your users may be connecting to older head units that do not support the newest features. If your SDL app attempts to send an unsupported RPC, your request will simply be ignored by SDL Core.
```

### How to Handle Unsupported Features

> When you are implementing a feature, you should always assume that some of the head units that your users are connecting to will not support the feature or that your user has disabled permission to use this feature on their head unit. The best way to deal with unsupported features is to handle unsuccessful responses to the requests you sent to SDL Core. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are implementing a feature, you should always assume that some of the head units that your users are connecting to will not support the feature or that your user may have disabled permission to use this feature on their head unit. The best way to deal with unsupported features is to handle unsuccessful responses to the requests you sent to SDL Core. 
```

### Checking the RPC Spec Version

> When you connect successfully to a head unit, you can get the most current [RPC Spec](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/rpc_spec/blob/master/MOBILE_API.xml) version that both the head unit and your mobile SDL SDK support. If the feature you want to support was added in version less than or equal to the version returned by the head unit, then your head unit supports the feature. However, please remember that you may still need permission from the OEM to use the feature.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you connect successfully to a head unit, you can get the most current [RPC Spec](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/rpc_spec/blob/master/MOBILE_API.xml) version that both the head unit and your mobile SDL SDK support. If the feature you want to support was added in a version less than or equal to the version returned by the head unit, then your head unit may support the feature, have chosen to disable the feature, or require additional permissions in order for you to implement the feature.
```

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> NSString *rpcSpecVersion = self.sdlManager.registerResponse.sdlMsgVersion.description;

Reviewer: Don't have them pull a string like this. Have them pull the version object. This is also the wrong place to pull the version, it should be pulled from `SDLGlobals`.

Author: `SDLGlobals` header file is private...

Reviewer: :( I've thought for the longest time that it was public.

```

##### Swift
```swift

> let rpcSpecVersion = sdlManager.registerResponse.sdlMsgVersion.description

Reviewer: See above

Author: Fixed.
